apiconcepts/integration/user_interface_integration.md, before:

Introduction
====
The <Var:ProductName>Integration API enables third-party developers to extend and integrate their own UI functionalities inside the <Var:ProductName> application.

Make sure the following references are added to your project, you will find them in the installation folder of <Var:ProductName>.
![User interface plug-ins](images/UI.png)

* Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.dll
* Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.Extensions.dll
* Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.dll
* Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.Extensions.dll

> [!NOTE]
>
> As build output path for your implementations please choose the *<var:PluginPackedPath>*.
>
> Also check that your library references are pointing to the <Var:ProductName> folder. e.g. *<var:InstallationFolder>*.
>
> For more information on building an deploying a <Var:ProductName> plug-in, see (Building a plug-in and Plug-in deployment).
>
> Sign and use Strong-Named Assemblies to enable the loading of your plug-ins inside the <Var:ProductName>.

> [How to: Sign an Assembly with a Strong Name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/sign-strong-name?redirectedfrom=MSDN)

> Choosing a different build output path or not signing your assembly will prevent your plugin from loading.

Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi
-----
[Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi](../../api/integration/Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.yml) is the main namespace which enables the integration of new Studio UI functionalities.

Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi
------
[Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi](../../api/integration/Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.yml) is the main namespace which enables the integration inside the <Var:ProductName> application.

Commit message:

LG-35978Update docfx plugin to work with new version of docfx (#232)
* update

* update

* update

* update

* update

apiconcepts/integration/user_interface_integration.md, after:

Introduction
====
The Var:ProductNameIntegration API enables third-party developers to extend and integrate their own UI functionalities inside the Var:ProductName application.

Make sure the following references are added to your project, you will find them in the installation folder of Var:ProductName.
![User interface plug-ins](images/UI.png)

* Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.dll
* Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.Extensions.dll
* Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.dll
* Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.Extensions.dll

> [!NOTE]
>
> As build output path for your implementations please choose the *Var:PluginPackedPath*.
>
> Also check that your library references are pointing to the Var:ProductName folder. e.g. *Var:InstallationFolder*.
>
> For more information on building an deploying a Var:ProductName plug-in, see (Building a plug-in and Plug-in deployment).
>
> Sign and use Strong-Named Assemblies to enable the loading of your plug-ins inside the Var:ProductName.

> [How to: Sign an Assembly with a Strong Name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/sign-strong-name?redirectedfrom=MSDN)

> Choosing a different build output path or not signing your assembly will prevent your plugin from loading.

Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi
-----
[Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi](../../api/integration/Sdl.Desktop.IntegrationApi.yml) is the main namespace which enables the integration of new Studio UI functionalities.

Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi
------
[Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi](../../api/integration/Sdl.TranslationStudioAutomation.IntegrationApi.yml) is the main namespace which enables the integration inside the Var:ProductName application.
