articles/hints_tips/AI_Companion/AICompanion.md, before:

# How to implement AI Companion
The AI Companion API facilitates LLM integration in Trados Studio for translating or reviewing documents.

## Add the Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi assembly to your project
You can add the `Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi` assembly by using the following Trados Studio template in Visual Studio:

<img style="display:block; " src="images/TradosStudioTemplate.png" />

Alternatively, you can add the assembly manually from the following directory: _C:\Program Files (x86)\Trados\Trados Studio\Studio18_.

## API
The following define the contract that plugins must implement:

* [IAICompanion](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanion.yml)
* [IAICompanionFactory](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanionFactory.yml)
* [AICompanionFactoryAttribute](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.AICompanionFactoryAttribute.yml)

## Models
These data models are used in implementing an AI Companion plugin for Trados Studio:
* [AISearchParams](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISearchParams.yml)
* [AISearchResult](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISearchResult.yml)
* [AISettings](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISettings.yml)
* [AISettingsDialogParams](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISettingsDialogParams.yml)
* [Connection](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.Connection.yml)
* [Prompt](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.Prompt.yml)

The data models used in communicating between an AI Companion and Trados Studio are found under the `Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.LiteBCM` namespace. 

## Sample Implementation
The following example illustrates a basic implementation of the [IAICompanion](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanion.yml) interface.

~~~cs
namespace RwsAppStore.Example.AICompanion
{
    internal class SampleAICompanion : IAICompanion
    {
        private readonly ISampleAICompanionSettingsProvider _sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider;

        public AISettings Settings { get; set; } = new AISettings
        {
            AutoTranslateEnabled = true,
            Connections = new List<Connection>
            {
                new Connection { Id = "Id", Name = "Name" }
            },
            Prompts = new List<Prompt>
            {
                new Prompt { Id = "Id", Name = "Name" }
            }
        };

        public string Name { get; set; } = "Sample AI Companion";

        public SampleAICompanion()

        public bool DisplaySettingsControl(IWin32Window owner, 
            AISettingsDialogParams dialogParams)
        {
            if (_sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider.DisplaySettings(owner, dialogParams))
            {
                Settings = _sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider.Settings;
                return true;
            }

            return false;
        }

        public Task<AISearchResult> SearchAsync(AISearchParams searchParams)
        {
            LiteFragment segmentPair = searchParams.SegmentPair;
            var file = new File();
            var sourceContent = segmentPair.SourceContent as Paragraph;
            var sourceSegment = sourceContent.Children.FirstOrDefault() as Segment;
            var segment = new Segment(sourceSegment.SegmentNumber);
            segment.Add(new TextMarkup
            {
                Text = "Sample Translation"
            });

            file.ParagraphUnits.Add(new ParagraphUnit(sourceContent, new Paragraph(segment)));

            var output = new AISearchResult()
            {
                Result = new LiteDocument(Guid.NewGuid().ToString(), 
                            segmentPair.SourceLanguageCode, file)
            };

            return Task.FromResult(output);
        }
    }
}
~~~

To enable the application to discover and access the AICompanion implementation, the plugin must include a factory class which implements [IAICompanionFactory](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanionFactory.yml) and is marked with [AICompanionFactoryAttribute](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.AICompanionFactoryAttribute.yml).

~~~cs
namespace RwsAppStore.Example.AICompanion
{
    [AICompanionFactory]
    internal class SampleAICompanionFactory : IAICompanionFactory
    {
        public IAICompanion GetAICompanion()
        {
            return new SampleAICompanion(new SampleAICompanionSettingsProvider());
        }
    }
}
~~~

## AI Assistant Pane

AI Companions are accesible through the AI Assistant pane, which is displayed automatically when the Editor is opened.

<img style="display:block; " src="images/AIAssistantPane.png" />

Commit message:

LG-50238: Update Translation Provider and AI Companion Dev Public Documentation

articles/hints_tips/AI_Companion/AICompanion.md, after:

# How to implement AI Companion
The AI Assistant consists of two components: the [Translation Provider](../../../apiconcepts/translationmemory/translation_provider_plugin.md) and the AI Companion, as described here. The AI Companion API facilitates LLM integration in Trados Studio for translating or reviewing documents.

## Add the Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi assembly to your project
You can add the `Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi` assembly by using the following Trados Studio template in Visual Studio:

<img style="display:block; " src="images/TradosStudioTemplate.png" />

Alternatively, you can add the assembly manually from the following directory: _C:\Program Files (x86)\Trados\Trados Studio\Studio18_.

## API
The following define the contract that plugins must implement:

* [IAICompanion](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanion.yml)
* [IAICompanionFactory](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanionFactory.yml)
* [AICompanionFactoryAttribute](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.AICompanionFactoryAttribute.yml)

## Models
These data models are used in implementing an AI Companion plugin for Trados Studio:
* [AISearchParams](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISearchParams.yml)
* [AISearchResult](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISearchResult.yml)
* [AISettings](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISettings.yml)
* [AISettingsDialogParams](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.AISettingsDialogParams.yml)
* [Connection](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.Connection.yml)
* [Prompt](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.Model.Prompt.yml)

The data models used in communicating between an AI Companion and Trados Studio are found under the `Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.LiteBCM` namespace. 

For easier navigation, the Lite BCM diagram was split in three separate sections.

### Structure
This section represents the top-most structure of the Lite BCM model.

<img style="display:block; " src="images/LiteBcmStructure.svg" />

### File Skeleton
This section shows what the file skeleton can contain. This section is referred by the Structure section.

<img style="display:block; " src="images/LiteBcmSkeleton.svg" />

### Markup (Content)
This section shows how markup data is represented to hold the actual content of the documents. This section is referred by the Structure section.

<img style="display:block; " src="images/LiteBcmMarkup.svg" />

## Sample Implementation
The following example illustrates a basic implementation of the [IAICompanion](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanion.yml) interface.

~~~cs
namespace RwsAppStore.Example.AICompanion
{
    internal class SampleAICompanion : IAICompanion
    {
        private readonly ISampleAICompanionSettingsProvider _sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider;

        public AISettings Settings { get; set; } = new AISettings
        {
            AutoTranslateEnabled = true,
            Connections = new List<Connection>
            {
                new Connection { Id = "Id", Name = "Name" }
            },
            Prompts = new List<Prompt>
            {
                new Prompt { Id = "Id", Name = "Name" }
            }
        };

        public string Name { get; set; } = "Sample AI Companion";

        public SampleAICompanion()

        public bool DisplaySettingsControl(IWin32Window owner, 
            AISettingsDialogParams dialogParams)
        {
            if (_sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider.DisplaySettings(owner, dialogParams))
            {
                Settings = _sampleAICompanionSettingsProvider.Settings;
                return true;
            }

            return false;
        }

        public Task<AISearchResult> SearchAsync(AISearchParams searchParams)
        {
            LiteFragment segmentPair = searchParams.SegmentPair;
            var file = new File();
            var sourceContent = segmentPair.SourceContent as Paragraph;
            var sourceSegment = sourceContent.Children.FirstOrDefault() as Segment;
            var segment = new Segment(sourceSegment.SegmentNumber);
            segment.Add(new TextMarkup
            {
                Text = "Sample Translation"
            });

            file.ParagraphUnits.Add(new ParagraphUnit(sourceContent, new Paragraph(segment)));

            var output = new AISearchResult()
            {
                Result = new LiteDocument(Guid.NewGuid().ToString(), 
                            segmentPair.SourceLanguageCode, file)
            };

            return Task.FromResult(output);
        }
    }
}
~~~

To enable the application to discover and access the AICompanion implementation, the plugin must include a factory class which implements [IAICompanionFactory](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.IAICompanionFactory.yml) and is marked with [AICompanionFactoryAttribute](../../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.AICompanion.AICompanionFactoryAttribute.yml).

~~~cs
namespace RwsAppStore.Example.AICompanion
{
    [AICompanionFactory]
    internal class SampleAICompanionFactory : IAICompanionFactory
    {
        public IAICompanion GetAICompanion()
        {
            return new SampleAICompanion(new SampleAICompanionSettingsProvider());
        }
    }
}
~~~

## AI Assistant Pane

AI Companions are accesible through the AI Assistant pane, which is displayed automatically when the Editor is opened.

<img style="display:block; " src="images/AIAssistantPane.png" />
