Performing a Scheduled Import or Export
======
This section describes how to schedule imports and exports for a translation memory, instead of performing imports and exports remotely.

Scheduled Import
------
There are two ways to import bilingual content into a server-based translation memory. You can use the [TranslationMemoryImporter](../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.TranslationMemoryImporter.yml) class to synchronously import the content into the translation memory, however this means that a roundtrip to the server happens for every batch of translation units imported (see [ChunkSize](../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.Core.TM.ImportExport.Importer.yml#Sdl_Core_TM_ImportExport_Importer_ChunkSize)). Over a slower network connection, this is not the optimal way to import content. Instead you should consider performing a scheduled import, which uploads the entire import file to the server and subsequently schedules a background operation for the Execution Server to import the file into the translation memory. This type of import uses a direct database connection, which avoids the network overhead incurred when performing the import remotely. Scheduled imports can be performed using the `ScheduledTranslationMemoryImportOperation` class. For an example of how to use this, see [Scheduled TMX Imports](scheduled_tmx_imports.md).

Scheduled Export
------
There are two ways to export bilingual content from a server-based translation memory. You can use the [TranslationMemoryExporter](../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.TranslationMemoryExporter.yml) class to synchronously export the content from the translation memory, however this means that a roundtrip to the server happens for every batch of translation units exported (see [ChunkSize](../../api/translationmemory/Sdl.LanguagePlatform.TranslationMemoryApi.TranslationMemoryExporter.yml#Sdl_LanguagePlatform_TranslationMemoryApi_TranslationMemoryExporter_ChunkSize)). Over a slower network connection, this is not the optimal way to export content. Instead you should consider performing a scheduled export, which schedules a background operation for the Execution Server to perform the export. After the export is completed, the export file can be downloaded from the server. This type of export uses a direct database connection, which avoids the network overhead incurred when performing the export remotely. Scheduled exports can be performed using the `ScheduledTranslationMemoryExportOperation` class. For an example of how to use this, see [Scheduled TMX Exports](scheduled_tmx_exports.md).