articles/gettingstarted/plugin_deployment.md, before:

Plug-in deployment
====

This section describes how to deploy a Plug-in Package (*.sdlplugin) for use in <Var:ProductName>. It also covers updating to a new version of the plug-in package and uninstalling a plug-in package.


Installing a Plug-in Package
------
Double click the plug-in package and follow the instructions.

> [!NOTE]
>
> During development, you can configure the output path of the project to point to *<var:PluginPackedPath>*. This is already configured if you created the project with one of the project templates available in the **<Var:ProductName> SDK** here. For more information on this, see [Setting up a Developer Machine](setting_up_a_developer_machine.md).

The following warning message will be shown while <Var:ProductName> starts:
<img style="display:block; " src="images/UnsignedPluginWarning.png" />


To avoid this message from appearing, you need to submit your plug-in package to SDL for verification. Once verified, your plug-in package will be signed by SDL and the warning message will not appear anymore. To verify the plugin, send an email to <Var:AppSigningEmail> with a link from where the plugin can be downloaded for verification. Once the verification is done, you will receive an answer email with a download link, where you will be able to obtain the signed version of the plugin.

Once <Var:ProductName> has started, go to the **Tools > Plug-ins** dialog and notice that "MyPlugin" is now listed as a plug-in and is ready to be used.

Updating a Plug-in Package
----
Once deployed, you can update your plug-in package by increasing the version in the plug-in package manifest (see [Plug-in deployment](plugin_deployment.md)). Double click the plug-in package and follow the instructions. Once the plug-in is deployed, start <Var:ProductName>. The application will automatically detect the presence of the updated plug-in package, verify it, extract its contents into <em> <var:PluginUnpackedPath> </em> and load it.

It is essential that you increase the version of the plug-in package as listed in the plug-in manifest, or the update will not be applied.

Uninstalling a Plug-in Package
-----
To uninstall a plug-in, simply run the Plugin Manager that is installed with <Var:ProductName>. If you have an older <Var:ProductName> version, install if from [here](https://appstore.sdl.com/language/app/sdl-plugin-installer/462/).

Commit message:

Set up development env (#13)
* Updated documentation with missing info about minversion, Signing key and .netframework.

* Updated unsigned warning message image.
Updated uninstall flow to cover also AppStore integration.

* Added new page for Studio Styles API.
Added link to Styles page in API Article.

* Added new page about how to migrate plugins to Trados Studio 2021.

* Use version number variable instead of number.

articles/gettingstarted/plugin_deployment.md, after:

Plug-in deployment
====

This section describes how to deploy a Plug-in Package (*.sdlplugin) for use in <Var:ProductName>. It also covers updating to a new version of the plug-in package and uninstalling a plug-in package.


Installing a Plug-in Package
------
Double click the plug-in package and follow the instructions.

> [!NOTE]
>
> During development, you can configure the output path of the project to point to *<var:PluginPackedPath>*. This is already configured if you created the project with one of the project templates available in the **<Var:ProductName> SDK** here. For more information on this, see [Setting up a Developer Machine](setting_up_a_developer_machine.md).

The following warning message will be shown while <Var:ProductName> starts:
<img style="display:block; " src="images/UnsignedWarning.png" />


To avoid this message from appearing, you need to submit your plug-in package to SDL for verification. Once verified, your plug-in package will be signed by SDL and the warning message will not appear anymore. To verify the plugin, send an email to **<Var:AppSigningEmail>** with a link from where the plugin can be downloaded for verification. Once the verification is done, you will receive an answer email with a download link, where you will be able to obtain the signed version of the plugin.

Once <Var:ProductName> has started, go to the **Tools > Plug-ins** dialog and notice that "MyPlugin" is now listed as a plug-in and is ready to be used.

Updating a Plug-in Package
----
Once deployed, you can update your plug-in package by increasing the version in the plug-in package manifest (see [Plug-in deployment](plugin_deployment.md)). Double click the plug-in package and follow the instructions. Once the plug-in is deployed, start <Var:ProductName>. The application will automatically detect the presence of the updated plug-in package, verify it, extract its contents into <em> <var:PluginUnpackedPath> </em> and load it.

It is essential that you increase the version of the plug-in package as listed in the plug-in manifest, or the update will not be applied.

Uninstalling a Plug-in Package
-----
To uninstall a plug-in, you have two options:
> - Run the Plugin Manager that is installed with <Var:ProductName>. 
> - Use RWS AppStore Integration from <Var:ProductName>.
<img style="display:block; " src="images/uninstall.png" /> </br>

If you have an older <Var:ProductName> version, install if from [here](https://appstore.sdl.com/language/app/sdl-plugin-installer/462/).
